ok good where you are so right here so I
want to ask you because you know I did
you know consideration for you are you
good to hang out a bit more I'm gonna be
done I probably have to leave in about
twenty 20 minutes or so so so let's go
ahead I'm an open up a replay of others
Jeremy so that Jeremy in to ask a
question on a lockout this seat so we
only get one in this year
yeah they'll be replaced me when I got
on your mind
relations the big winner one of the top
10 thanks
first of all I want to say thank you
Scott
course when I first are using you to me
and anyone who's watching this
definitely take shots course because it
has helped me tremendously I still use
the stuff we talked about in force to
this day and you know it's got your
awesome you're always on Facebook
helping people out so I really
appreciate it
one thing that I had a question helping
50% annoying when they had a question
about was earlier you mentioned that
show graph problems that she had
legalistic issues do you know of any
other companies copyrights or anything
that we should be wary of trading
courses other copyright infringement
logos or or anything that we shouldn't
be using that you've heard up I don't
know if you know that answer but you
know I don't want to go out and make a
solo shot course and then you know
Photoshop tell me that we can use it
yeah so do you know any more of those
and I'm gonna go ahead and sign off and
leave the seat up enforcement
Jeremy that was appreciate the kind
words and every company is going to have
some sensitivity over the use of its low
right so Facebook will care about how
its logo is used as well as WordPress
as well as other companies now generally
if you're clear that you're not Facebook
and you're not associated with Facebook
they probably will leave you alone but
you know there's there's going to be
lines to cross my where of any others
besides TOGAF UNIX there are a couple I
haven't really done the research what I
would say is so once you've decided to
do a topic if it's Photoshop obviously
you can go on you know me and you can
see there's like 200 Photoshop courses
and they all have that box the purple
box with the BS in the blue box of the
PSD Photoshop or Adobe After Effects use
the logo and so there's some comfort in
being among company right so having two
hundred courses that infringe you're not
going to come after you haven't come
after the other two hundred
I guess that's going to be part of your
research I would have to be careful now
for me I get it I had no ill effects
other than my bank account being
depleted for that moment I didn't really
have any ill effects they didn't they
just asked me to stop and you know i i
worked it out with them
call them up on the phone and said hey
here and they said check so you know if
if if you use a logo of WordPress and
WordPress doesn't like it
change logo and shouldn't cost you
anything that's my advice I'm not a
lawyer am NOT your lawyer he doesn't
either
anybody else wanna jump in here and grab
a seat to ask Scott question why we got
him here for another few minutes while
we're waiting to see some Scots got
anything else you want to throw to see
you go
looks like you're gonna be a bit light
on in Australia so the era with this
Black Friday and Scott I want to say a
huge thank you you helped me out a lot
and it's been a huge range from a can
you tell me how it impacts would go into
your SEO course now and you told me to
change something in my calls based on
the instructions you're gonna give me
and that cause is there anything that or
do you live now or any ranking operate
God and the Black Friday so they really
need exercise three or four times in 283
my mike has just been in like eight
o'clock in the morning and have a clock
in the afternoon my time and midnight so
there's three or four times a day that
the enemy site three indexes so one
thing you can do is if you just want to
try your title is no change it change it
now and then six or seven hours come
back you should see in search the new
title
you should see your position go up or
down and you say oh that worked
own legend work so now Black Friday
maybe the dangerous a time to be playing
with it but if you are if you are not
satisfied with your search results so i
cant im sorry I can't remember exactly
what your course is on or not
yeah I've got one thats just teaching
people how to create a visual book using
text book Lowell and 72 hours so that's
how to get yourself up on Amazon
six-figure from non-fiction books so I
would say that
York your Kindle book with a particular
tool you probably have the most
opportunity to improve your your title
there I'm see the title and I don't know
for sure but
if you if you put the word Kindle first
and then finish it or if you said you
know you have a particular name so those
are you know using tools and brand names
are great search SEO to people I was
searching for how to make a six-figure
business is more like Generic
profit on targeting almost exactly like
offer may be a good word I know there's
people that searched writing or does the
that's a different skill set and author
so you know I would say it's it's it's
probably OK to play around I would if
you were happy with your position you
just wanted likes screwed up one more
maybe I wouldn't completely unhappy here
like I searched author and I'm on page
eat well worse right so to me on page
for reuse of the page eight is is worth
to try and play around with this so if
you whether you took my course I'm not
if you started habit now I'm gonna go
play with it today
my ranking so all of alcohol can other
people have questions that was alright
see something Australian friend I'm
friends with Sean K and he's he's also
has a Canadian that's been transplanted
Australia and so I attacked him a lot
about his new home country has been
there a long time but I want to venture
into that now leverage area
ok anybody else to jump in and take a
seat here and got a question we got it
few minutes left where you have to do
that I'd take the chance I think we've
done a pretty good job of my dreams I
don't let anybody out there too badly oh
ok my body found there so I'm very
curious how my sales are compared to two
funds has an Android course that is that
is highly rated and is also in the iOS
category that's you know talk about me
in a hot topic that's hot market so I
would be super curious I've been pretty
happy today it's it's been steady so you
know it's like thats I would see how do
I put this in adding that doesn't give
away too much I would say it was like
two or three times what I did a week ago
so yeah ok